Teams - main branch (Make PRs against this branch!) (#140)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/teams-example.adoc

= Example Teams Structure
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> Imagine that your organization, Acme, includes a team called Engineering that contains smaller teams that focus on building specific components. The Identity and DevOps teams are specialized  teams within Engineering.

Author: ```suggestion
Imagine that your organization, Acme, includes a team called Engineering that contains smaller teams that focus on building specific components. The Identity and DevOps teams are specialized teams within the larger Engineering team.
```

Using the Teams feature, you can structure your users and permissions in the following way:

image::access-management-teams-hierarchy.png[]

The user teams shown here are defined as follows:

> * Acme +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Acme +
+
```

> This team is your organization and parent team, and every user in your organization is a member. By default, the team’s name is Everyone at Acme. You can set your permissions such that all Acme users can easily collaborate within your organization by creating new projects in Anypoint Design Center and viewing assets in Anypoint Exchange. To do this, you must configure the following permissions for the Everyone at Acme team:

Author: ```suggestion
This team represents your organization and root team, and every user in your organization is a member. By default, the team’s name is Everyone at Acme. You can set your permissions such that all Acme users can easily collaborate within your organization by creating new projects in Anypoint Design Center and viewing assets in Anypoint Exchange. To do this, you must configure the following permissions for the Everyone at Acme team:
```

Reviewer 2: I don't like the phrasing of `this team is your organization` - teams aren't organizations

> This team represents your organization and root team, and every user in your organization is a member. By default, the team’s name is Everyone at Acme. You can set your permissions such that all Acme users can easily collaborate within your organization by creating new projects in Anypoint Design Center and viewing assets in Anypoint Exchange. To do this, you must configure the following permissions for the Everyone at Acme team:

Reviewer: I had to look this up, because I never thought about it until now:

"such that" = how, an adjective that modifies the noun "your permissions" 
"so that" = why, an adverb that modifies the verb "set your permissions"

Looks to me like either one works above, so Imma' just leave this here.... Thanks for the ping to learn!

** Design Center Developer
** Exchange Viewer

> * Engineering +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Engineering +
+
```

> This team is the first child team of the Acme team. This team includes all of Acme’s engineers, but it excludes Acme’s other members such as Marketing and Partner teams. The Engineering team inherits permissions from the Everyone at Acme team, but you can give it additional permissions as needed. You can set permissions that allow the members of the Engineering team to deploy code to pre-production environments such as Sandbox and Design, but you can exclude permissions to deploy to production. To do this, you must configure the following permissions for the Engineering team:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first child team of the Acme team, this team includes all of Acme’s engineers, but it excludes Acme’s other members, such as the Marketing and Partner teams. The Engineering team inherits permissions from the Everyone at Acme team, but you can give it additional permissions as needed. You can set permissions that allow the members of the Engineering team to deploy code to preproduction environments such as Sandbox and Design, but you can exclude permissions to deploy to production. To do this, you must configure the following permissions for the Engineering team:
```

> ** Deploy API Proxies (applicable to Sandbox and Design environments)

Author: ```suggestion
** Deploy API Proxies (applicable to sandbox and design environments)
```

** Design Center Developer
** Exchange Viewer

> * DevOps +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* DevOps +
+
```

> This team is one of two child teams under the Engineering team. The DevOps team is a group of specialized engineers who manage production code across all engineering teams. Unlike the parent Engineering team, you can give the DevOps team permission to manage code in the production environment in addition to pre-production branches. To do this, you must configure the following permissions for the DevOps team:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This team is one of two child teams under the Engineering team. The DevOps team is a group of specialized engineers who manage production code across all engineering teams. Unlike with the parent Engineering team, you can give the DevOps team permission to manage code in the production environment, rather than only in the preproduction branches. To do this, you must configure the following permissions for the DevOps team:
```

> ** Deploy API Proxies (applicable to Sandbox, Design, and Production environments)

Reviewer: If we init. cap. Production for an environment name here, then we should everywhere else in the narrative that describes environments.

Author: ```suggestion
** Deploy API Proxies (applicable to sandbox, design, and production environments)
```

** Design Center Developer
** Exchange Viewer

> * Identity +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Identity +
+
```

> This team is one of two child teams under the Engineering team. The Identity team is responsible for managing projects, assets, and other materials in its designated business groups. As a child of the Engineering team, the Identity team can still deploy code to pre-production environments, but unlike the DevOps team, members do not need to deploy to production. You can give this team permission to manage Audit Log and Authentication service business groups but not the entire organization. To do this, you must configure the following permissions for the Identity team:

Author: ```suggestion
This team is one of two child teams under the Engineering team. The Identity team is responsible for managing projects, assets, and other materials in its designated business groups. As a child of the Engineering team, the Identity team can still deploy code to pre-production environments, but unlike the DevOps team, members do not need to deploy to production. You can give this team permission to manage Audit Log and Authentication service business groups but not the entire organization. To do this, you must configure the Administrator permission within the scope of the Audit Log and Authorization Service business groups. Combined with the inherited permissions from the Engineering team, the Identity team has the following permissions:
```

** Administrator (applicable to Audit Log and Authorization Service business groups)

> ** Deploy API Proxies (applicable to Sandbox and Design environments)

Reviewer 2: ```
** Deploy API Proxies (applicable to Sandbox and Design environments)
** Design Center Developer
** Exchange Viewer
```
Can we make it clearer that these permissions are inherited from the Engineering team and don't need to be reconfigured?

> This team is one of two child teams under the Engineering team. The Identity team is responsible for managing projects, assets, and other materials in its designated business groups. As a child of the Engineering team, the Identity team can still deploy code to pre-production environments, but unlike the DevOps team, members do not need to deploy to production. You can give this team permission to manage Audit Log and Authentication service business groups but not the entire organization. To do this, you must configure the Administrator permission within the scope of the Audit Log and Authorization Service business groups. Combined with the inherited permissions from the Engineering team, the Identity team has the following permissions:

Reviewer: "to do this" has an unclear reference; hence the weasel-wording near the end...:
```suggestion
This team is one of two child teams under the Engineering team. The Identity team is responsible for managing projects, assets, and other materials in its designated business groups. As a child of the Engineering team, the Identity team can still deploy code to preproduction environments, but unlike members of DevOps, members of Identity do not need to deploy to production. You cannot give this team permission to manage the entire organization, but you can give it permission to manage the Audit Log and Authentication service business groups by configuring the Administrator permission within the scope of the Audit Log and Authorization Service business groups. Combined with the inherited permissions from the Engineering team, the Identity team has the following permissions:
```
OR omit "the entire organization" part altogether....

> ** Deploy API Proxies (applicable to Sandbox and Design environments)

Author: ```suggestion
** Deploy API Proxies (applicable to sandbox and design environments)
```

= Example Teams Structure
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

Imagine that your organization, Acme, includes a team called Engineering that contains smaller teams that focus on building specific components. The Identity and DevOps teams are specialized teams within the larger Engineering team.

Using the Teams feature, you can structure your users and permissions in the following way:

image::access-management-teams-hierarchy.png[]

The user teams shown here are defined as follows:

* Acme +
+
This team represents your organization and root team, and every user in your organization is a member. By default, the team’s name is Everyone at Acme. You can set your permissions such that all Acme users can easily collaborate within your organization by creating new projects in Anypoint Design Center and viewing assets in Anypoint Exchange. To do this, you must configure the following permissions for the Everyone at Acme team:
** Design Center Developer
** Exchange Viewer
* Engineering +
+

> The first child team of the Acme team, this team includes all of Acme’s engineers, but it excludes Acme’s other members, such as the Marketing and Partner teams. The Engineering team inherits permissions from the Everyone at Acme team, but you can give it additional permissions as needed. You can set permissions that allow the members of the Engineering team to deploy code to preproduction environments such as Sandbox and Design, but you can exclude permissions to deploy to production. To do this, you must configure the following permissions for the Engineering team:

Author: ```suggestion
The first child team of the Acme team, this team includes all of Acme’s engineers, but it excludes Acme’s other members, such as the Marketing and Partner teams. The Engineering team inherits permissions from the Everyone at Acme team, but you can give it additional permissions as needed. You can set permissions that allow the members of the Engineering team to deploy code to preproduction environments such as sandbox and design, but you can exclude permissions to deploy to production. To do this, you must configure the following permissions for the Engineering team:
```
